Display databases and classes from dependency projects in the source option dropdown (#897)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/gold-shirts-switch.md

---
'@finos/legend-studio': patch
---

> Display databases and classes from dependency projects in the source options dropdown in the mapping editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display `database tables/views` and `classes` from dependency projects in the source selector dropdown in the mapping editor.
```

> ---

Reviewer: Let's be mindful of changeset granuality. This change should be split across 2 files. The message you wrote is relevant only for Studio

'@finos/legend-graph': patch
'@finos/legend-studio': patch
---

> Display databases and classes from dependency projects in the source options dropdown.

Reviewer: Should also add `in mapping editor`
